Anomalies

Anomalies are humans or animals who bodies and mind lost control of their stone in the
brain due to the Artifact Radiaton.

Composition of Anomalies:

50% Human DNA
25% Calcium
15% Stone
10% Unknow

Symptons:

First Symptons:

-Rash that resembles Markings

-Loss Of Consciousness

Second Symptons:

-Skin Calcification

-Black Eyes

Third Symptons:

-Agressive Behavior

-Artifact Radiaton coming out of the body 

Rare Symptons:

Sometimes bodies of Anomalies can "morph" together making a stronger Anomaly with "two"
brains instead of "one".

Transmission:

The transmission of Anomalies are still a active problem. Anomalies spread by Artifact
Radiation so that means its a energy disease thus for incontainable. The concesous in the 
medical field is if a person becomes a Anomaly it must be killed quick. Also, a person
can become a Anomaly if he/she touches another Anomaly so people are advised to stay away
from Anomalies.

Cures:

There isn't a cure or treatment to Anomalies people tried to remove the stone in the brain
surgically without success.

Containment:

A new Military division has been set up to contain Anomalies the "Cleaners":

Military Personel with Flamethrowers who are sent to contain outbreaks, they are extremely
successfull with their containments but sometimes are subject to losses... But without
the doubt they are the most successfull containing outbreaks

DoomsDay Event:

If a outbreak becomes uncontainable the government must start thinking of using DoomsDay
Weapons.

This can be bombing an entire area or nuking it.

One of the most famous case was in Uglich, USSR a outbreak became uncontainable and the
risk of a pandemic happening was high so the USSR gonvernment nuked the entire city
killing all Anomalies and Civilians.

Gonvernments should not be afraid to nuke their own cities or areas to save the world
from an Anomaly Pandemic.

Conclusion:

There is no treatment or cure for Anomalies and they remain an active threat for our
world. All governments must be at alert to outbreaks and such.