DOCUMENT 8

1944

Sir, we tracked the military of Germany in the artic and they appear they have found some
sort of "Artifact" the artifact exploded when someone touched the "Artifact".

All military men died but how they died is the interesting part their eyes turned black,
weird carvings in the skin of the victims where made by unknow reasons and then their
heads exploded.

But one of them survived some hours we were able to retrieve his brain and it looks like
a "Stone" was been created in his head for reasons unknow.

We are still researching.

FIRST REVISION:

1946

Sir, the Artifact seems to have created a phenomenon it's roughly one year since the
two atomic bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

We finally understand the "Epiphamy" the creator of the bomb had it was because of the stone
in his brain. It was because of the "Epiphamy" that we were able to create the bomb.

We are now making a national test to see if more people have the "Stone" in their brain.

SECOND REVISION:

1946

We tested the whole nation we discovered that almost all the nation citizens have this
"Stone".

THIRD REVISION:

1946

Sir, we had a problem... there was some sort of a "outbreak" several people lost consciousness...

They turned into complete stone and they were appearing that they infected others...

We still not know what happened or how it happened but we have a few recommendations:

- Creating a new specialized division "Cleaners" to deal with future threats.
- Hide this incident from the general public to don't cause mass panic.

Several countries reported several "outbreaks" and now they are calling into a emergency
meeting to sign a treaty of reducing research of these "Anomalies" to the creation of
mass destruction weapons and to create emergency plans in case if a "Anomaly Pandemic"
happens.

FINAL REVISION:

1946

The treaty was signed and plans were devised.

Sir, our nation is ready for anything.

Even if we need nuclear weapons.

[THIS DOCUMENT WAS CHANGED TO DOCUMENT [REDACTED]]